[Music]
three
two one
oh my god is it possible
it's like something came out of it
[Applause]
what is this seismic enormously
this is a pattern all right let's make
this quick
[Music]
i'm waiting for you i'm at the
checkpoint but you have to run as fast
as you can
thank you
[Music]
joe's been arrested in japan so why was
he trespassing in the quarantine zone
what do you think one crusader for the
truth
my job isn't dropping bombs it's
stopping them
this wasn't just a reactor meltdown i
don't want to hear this
but you can't keep running away and son
you can't
bury this in the past
are they rebuilding the plan
i don't know
two men were just arrested in the queue
zone that is not
a transformer malfunction that is an
electromagnetic pulse
god
now i'm told your organization has
situational awareness of our
unidentified creature
is there any other personnel you need
okay
keep them safe whatever
it is hey stay with me my condolences
yeah deeply sorry for your lossless 1954
the first time a nuclear submarine ever
reached the lower depths
it awakened something no tests
they were trying to kill it an ancient
alpha predator
millions of years older than mankind
parasitic spores one dormant but the
other hatch
it was absorbing radiation from the
reactors he said he was studying
something
echolocation nature has an odor
a power to restore balance i believe
he is the power i'm headed to hawaii
i'll catch you fly from there
i'll see you soon
my tracks predict the muto continuing
due east all our models have the targets
converging on the pacific coast
was calling something else there was
another spool
intact found in the philippine mine
a female they're seeking radiation
to reproduce it up this train and these
weapons are headed to san francisco
we rig a nuclear warhead with a shielded
timer
put it on a boat and send it 20 miles
out the radiation lures the mutos
and the mutos lure godzilla and we
detonate
when was the last time you let one of
you guys put their fingers in a live
bomb
look this is what i do this is my job
daddy's gonna be here soon
and i'm gonna just come get you right
after
three two one
the male delivered the warhead to the
center of downtown that puts a hundred
thousand civilians in the blast ratings
that device myself is the only eod
then what's plan b get the bomb to the
pier onto a boat
as far away from the city as possible
before it detonates
it's down there
[Music]
we need time to get this open we don't
have time let's hold it out of here we
got to get it on a boat
[Music]
she's coming from
uh
[Music]
you